Congratulations everyone, you managed
to build three very different, but
related websites for this band project,
and you should be very proud of yourself.
I'm sure there was a ton of learning that
happened for you here along the way,
it is amazing what CSS can do.
And how we can approach all
of these by thinking about
centralized styling from the beginning.
This is where we started in the course,
we started with a page, with no intention
of will ever publishing it, but it's set
up in introductory kind of style guide.
We establish all of our colors,
we establish type sizes and type phases,
we establish basic styling for
some of our HTML elements.
And it wound of saving
us a ton of time later,
because this is carried into
all of our future designs.
We then went on to design
an easier layout here.
This may be on par with what you already
are designing as you came into the course,
but maybe you haven't worked
with CSS layers before or
maybe you haven't worked with these
kinds of style guides before.
So we wound up with a page that
looks like this on desktop.
And as we reduce the size
of our browser window,
we wound up putting our tour underneath,
our main leading picture,
and then wound up collapsing
things even further on mobile.
This was a straightforward project, but
it was a great way to get started, and
get thinking about how we could
make interesting layouts with CSS.
We then moved on to a slightly
more interesting page here.
We have our tour page where we have
these interesting sold out buttons with
the diagonal line across them,
as opposed to our buttons where we can
still buy tickets for various shows.
So, that is a little
pattern that maybe you want
to pull into some of your next designs.
That concept of that
diagonal line when and
the button is not clickable if
something is no longer available,
that of course also led
into our other design here.
For our medium-difficulty website,
we wound up with our hamburger button
here at the top of the page, and
as we made our page larger,
we had some exciting changes happen.
We skinned our audio player here,
a working audio player.
Underneath of that,
we have these wacky reviews that went from
four simple reviews with stars to
an interesting layout with photos.
And then when we went to desktop,
all of that moved over here
to the left hand column.
We also wound up with some styling for
our boxes and our track list.
And there's some patterns here that you
may carry into your future work, and
I would encourage you, particularly the
interesting little bit that we did here
with our reviews and their different
layouts and that audio skinning.
That may be very helpful
to you in another project.
Finally, we went on to our
most difficult website, and
this one contained some really
interesting elements to it.
We wound up with our diamond based
image layouts here on the page.
We wound up with our very interesting
track list presentation, where we
can open and close that track list, and
of course, our icons move around as well.
They go from right on the album cover to
the edge of the album cover, all while
maintaining our working audio player, our
working hamburger button, and so forth.
So, these are patterns that you may want
to use in some of your next designs,
I encourage you to think about
the approach that I've presented here.
Start with good HTML,
semantic HTML, well structured and
well formed HTML,
move on to generic CSS that carries
over very easily into all
kinds of other styling.
And then and only then,
later on just enough JavaScript In
order to make your page function.
In this case, we have JavaScript
associated with our audio player,
a tiny bit associated with
our hamburger button,
and some very simple JavaScript that
just switches some classes on click.
And using CSS,
we managed to lay out all of the rest
of everything else that we needed.
So our JavaScript wound up
being very minimal for this and
we didn't even need a framework
in order to build it.
So, I hope you carry away some of
these lessons into your future work.
I have several classes at front end
masters, if you love this course,
you may wanna take a look at my course on
Grids and Flexbox, where I go into much
more detail about how grids and Flexbox
work, if you haven't watched that already.
I also have a course on Intermediate CSS,
which drills into how selectors work,
some of the selectors here have intrigued.
I'll talk about all of
those in more detail, and
I'll also talk about how the cascade and
inheritance work as well.
Thank you all so much for watching, and
I hope to see you in another course soon.